README.md, before:

# wildcat
A beamer theme for Northwestern University.

## Overview
This beamer theme uses branding guidelines (colors, fonts, and logos) from [Northwestern University](https://www.northwestern.edu/brand/visual-identity/). The design mimics Northwestern's facets Zoom backgrounds, and the style files build on the amazing Stack Exchange answer by [Claudio Fiandrino](https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/146529/design-a-custom-beamer-theme-from-scratch). This is not an official, Northwestern-approved beamer template: This is simply my own attempt to make a simple, modern beamer theme. 

## How do I use this?
You will simply need to have all the .sty files in the source folder in your LaTeX file's working directory. Then add `\usetheme{wildcat}` to your preamble. See source/wildcat-example.tex for an example document. 

## Fonts
For the font theme to work, you will need to have the Campton and Akkurat Pro fonts installed on your system. I am going to work on an "Overleaf Friendly" font theme in the future, but for now it may break if you don't have those fonts installed. You will also need to use XeLaTeX to compile, similar to the Metropolis theme (using Fira Sans fonts).

## Stability
I highly doubt this is stable. This is still a work in progress. So, if you come across any errors, please send me a message via GitHub!

## Coming Soon
Here are my plans for what I want to add:
- More color themes (light version, plus other pallettes entirely)
- More font options (Overleaf, noral system fonts) so people can make it work out of the box

Commit message:

v.0.1.0
Added new functionality that allows the user to specify background graphic, plus other enhancements.

README.md, after:

# wildcat
A modern, highly customizable beamer theme.

## Overview
This beamer theme uses branding guidelines (colors, fonts, and logos) from [Northwestern University](https://www.northwestern.edu/brand/visual-identity/). The design mimics Northwestern's facets Zoom backgrounds, and the style files build on the amazing Stack Exchange answer by [Claudio Fiandrino](https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/146529/design-a-custom-beamer-theme-from-scratch). This is not an official, Northwestern-approved beamer template: This is simply my own attempt to make a simple, modern beamer theme. 

## How do I use this?
You will simply need to have all the .sty files in the source folder in your LaTeX file's working directory. Then add `\usetheme{wildcat}` to your preamble. See source/wildcat-example.tex for an example document. 

## Can I customize it?
Yes! The theme is designed to be (hopefully) easy to customize with your own colors, fonts, and even background patterns. The file source/wildcat-demo.pdf provides numerous examples of how to change the these your liking.  

## Fonts
For the font theme to work, you will need to have the Campton and Akkurat Pro fonts installed on your system. If you don't you have two options:
1. Change the beamerfontthemewildcat.sty file to use fonts you have on hand.
2. Use the Overleaf-friendly font theme: Add `\usefonttheme{wildcat-overleaf}` in your preamble.

You will also need to use XeLaTeX to compile. If you use PDFLaTeX, it will fail.

## Stability
I highly doubt this is stable. This is still a work in progress. So, if you come across any errors, please send me a message via GitHub!

## Coming Soon
Here are my plans for what I want to add:
- More color themes (light version, plus other pallettes entirely)
- A few pre-selected background patterns to choose from, not just facet.
